Here’s Why Apple Stock Is Ripe for the Picking InvestorPlace Stock Market News Stock Advice amp Trading Tips If you ve been delaying a bite into Apple NASDAQ AAPL shares the wait is over Following earnings Apple stock is looking ripe both off and on the price chart for bullish contrarian investors to go long Let
3 Earnings Reports to Watch Next Week InvestorPlace Stock Market News Stock Advice amp Trading Tips Editor s note InvestorPlace s 160 Earnings Reports to Watch is updated weekly Please check back next week for our latest earnings 160 picks Can earnings next week keep the market s momentum going That s
The 3 Best Vanguard Retirement Funds to Buy in Your 20s InvestorPlace Stock Market News Stock Advice amp Trading Tips There are some certainties when it comes to retirement investing and planning Chief among those certainties is that investors should not put off saving for retirement The earlier an investor starts say in his
Upcoming Earnings Reports to Watch: GOOGL, DIS, TWTR It was another good week for stocks as Wall Street celebrated trade talks and a newly dovish Fed by sending indexes higher once again The positive trading was also delivered amid a packed stretch of Q4 earnings reports which largely impressed So far this earnings season companies have
2 Stocks We&#39;re Watching This Week Each week Industry Focus Financials 160 host Jason Moser and Fool com contributor Matt Frankel CFP discuss a stock they re watching now Watch this clip to find out why beaten down tech giant Apple NASDAQ AAPL is on Moser s radar and why Frankel has his eye
Technology Sector Update for 02/01/2019: CYOU, CLS, KLIC, MSFT, AAPL, CSCO, IBM, GOOG Top Technology Stocks Top Technology Stocks MSFT 0 13 MSFT 0 13 AAPL 0 47 AAPL 0 47 IBM 0 24 IBM 0 24 CSCO 0 49 CSCO 0 49 GOOG 0 73 GOOG 0 73 Technology stocks were climbing in pre bell trading Friday Technology stocks were climbing in pre bell trading Friday Early

Better Buy: Google vs. Apple They are unquestionably two of the most powerful companies that the world has ever known One is the maker of the iPhone the original smartphone the device that fundamentally changed the way we interact with each other The other has taken all of the world s information and put it
4 Reasons for Investors to Love Apple&#39;s Services Segment As many investors know Apple NASDAQ AAPL is having a difficult time with its iPhone business right now A slowdown in China s economy last year s battery replacement program and a decrease in carrier subsidies have all made Apple s large customer base hesitant to upgrade
Validea&#39;s Top Five Technology Stocks Based On Warren Buffett - 2/3/2019 The following are the top rated Technology stocks according to Validea s Patient Investor model based on the published strategy of Warren Buffett This strategy seeks out firms with long term predictable profitability and low debt that trade at reasonable valuations The following are the
The Tragedy of Apple Apple NASDAQ AAPL is one of the richest public companies on the planet It has nearly 250 billion in cash and equivalents on its balance sheet and no other company came close to the 59 5 billion in profits it made last year 160 In fact only 53 U S companies had
3 Warren Buffett Stocks Worth Buying Now When it comes to identifying companies that have bright prospects and trade at discounts relative to their long term potential few investors can claim a better track record than Warren Buffett His expertise has helped investment conglomerate Berkshire Hathaway crush the market over
Apple Outsmarted The Market
Why Apple's Rally May Only Be Starting
You’ll love having these hated stocks in your portfolio Stocks are often bought because of the company’s reputation rather than its investment potential — and investors frequently pay a high price for making this error.  Fortune magazine’s recently released annual ranking of the most admired companies offers a good example.  For instance, the company that was at the top of Fortune’s ranking one year ago: Apple  (AAPL) .
Cramer Remix: Apple&#39;s next move in health care could be with Dexcom Jim Cramer says a Dexcom-Apple merger could be an &quot;unbelievable&quot; move for the iPhone maker.
Jim Cramer: This Market Has a Terrible Case of Attention Deficit Disorder Just so we are on the same page, if you google Attention Deficit Disorder you come up with \"attention difficulty, hyperactivity and impulsiveness\" and I think the three of these traits truly defines what has gone on with tech stocks since this reporting period began.  Then on January 8 with the stock at $150 I sat down with Apple CEO Tim Cook and he outlined all of the long-term positives that Apple has going for it, especially health and wellness stemming from watch sales.
Here&apos;s the Real Apple Story Tim Cook Was Trying to Tell The tech giant’s future course looks a bit different than the path it took to get here, but that’s not such a bad thing.
US STOCKS-Boost in tech shares sends Wall Street higher Wall Street gained on Monday,  with all three major indexes closing near session highs as  sustained optimism on the prospects for U.S.-China trade  relations propelled technology shares.  The S&P 500 index and the Nasdaq both closed  above their 100-day moving averages for the first time since  October.  Shares of Apple Inc and Microsoft Corp  each rose 2.7 percent and were the top boosts to the benchmark  S&P 500 index and the Nasdaq.
Stock Market Surges As Apple, Microsoft, FANG Stocks Score Gains Surging techs boosted the stock market today to solid gains as Apple and Microsoft led the Dow industrials and the FANG stocks delivered gains.
Stock market ends near session high, buoyed by rally in Microsoft and Apple stocks U.S. stock benchmarks on Monday finished the day around the loftiest levels of the session, as technology and internet stocks rallied on the back of strong gains from the likes of Microsoft Corp.  and Apple Inc. . The Dow Jones Industrial Average  rose 175 points, or 0.7%, at 25,239, the S&P 500 index  gained 0.7% to reach 2,724, underpinned by a sharp rally in the technology sector , up 1.6%, on a preliminary basis. The technology-laden Nasdaq Composite Index  advanced 1.2% to 7,348, putting the index not far from escaping bear-market territory, commonly defined as a decline of at least 20% from a recent peak. The index entered bear market on Dec. 21 but has climbed nearly 20% from its bear-market low, with such a rise by some measures, representing an emergence from bear market. Looking ahead, market participants were awaiting results from Google-parent Alphabet Inc. , which were slated for after the close of trading.