Here’s Why Apple Stock Is Ripe for the Picking InvestorPlace Stock Market News Stock Advice amp Trading Tips If you ve been delaying a bite into Apple NASDAQ AAPL shares the wait is over Following earnings Apple stock is looking ripe both off and on the price chart for bullish contrarian investors to go long Let
3 Earnings Reports to Watch Next Week InvestorPlace Stock Market News Stock Advice amp Trading Tips Editor s note InvestorPlace s 160 Earnings Reports to Watch is updated weekly Please check back next week for our latest earnings 160 picks Can earnings next week keep the market s momentum going That s
This Report Just Confirmed Apple&#39;s China Problem Apple NASDAQ AAPL shocked investors last month when it revised its first quarter forecast saying that revenue would likely decline by 5 year over year despite already issuing conservative guidance just two months before This announcement sent the stock reeling and
Friday Apple Rumors: Support for Older iPhones May End with iOS 13 InvestorPlace Stock Market News Stock Advice amp Trading Tips Leading the Apple 160 NASDAQ AAPL rumor mill today is news of iOS 13 compatibility Today we ll look at that and other Apple Rumors for Friday iOS 13
What to Expect from Google Parent Alphabet&#39;s (GOOGL) Q4 Earnings Shares of Google parent Alphabet Inc GOOGL like fellow tech giants and much of the market have surged since Christmas With that said Google stock has effectively moved sideways over the last year So let s see what to expect from the firm s fourth quarter financial results that are
After Hours Most Active for Feb 1, 2019 :  CZR, FLEX, DRQ, BAC, CFG, MSFT, QQQ, TSM, AAPL, IGT, INTC, MGM The NASDAQ 100 After Hours Indicator is down 2 02 to 6 873 5 The total After hours volume is currently 84 915 560 shares traded The following are the most active stocks for the after hours session Caesars Entertainment Corporation CZR is 0 04 at 9 22 with 24 662
The 3 Best Vanguard Retirement Funds to Buy in Your 20s InvestorPlace Stock Market News Stock Advice amp Trading Tips There are some certainties when it comes to retirement investing and planning Chief among those certainties is that investors should not put off saving for retirement The earlier an investor starts say in his
Upcoming Earnings Reports to Watch: GOOGL, DIS, TWTR It was another good week for stocks as Wall Street celebrated trade talks and a newly dovish Fed by sending indexes higher once again The positive trading was also delivered amid a packed stretch of Q4 earnings reports which largely impressed So far this earnings season companies have
Tech Earnings Recap &amp; Why the Fed Sent Stocks Higher This Week On today s episode of the Zacks Friday Finish Line Associate Stock Strategist Ryan McQueeney and Editor Maddy Johnson discuss the Fed s new dovish tone and recap earnings results from Apple Facebook Microsoft and Amazon Make sure to subscribe and leave the show a rating on Apple
Friday&#39;s ETF with Unusual Volume: DJD The Invesco Dow Jones Industrial Average Dividend ETF DJD is seeing unusually high volume in afternoon trading Friday with over 2 0 million shares traded versus three month average volume of about 87 000 Shares of DJD were up about 0 2 on the day Components of that ETF with
Is Berkshire Hathaway a Buy? Even a stock market deity like Warren Buffett can t escape the bears The recent volatility in the markets has affected the great investor s vehicle Berkshire Hathaway NYSE BRK A NYSE BRK B whose shares have barely outpaced the S amp P 500 lately 2018 was rough for
Ask a Fool: Should I Sell a Stock After Bad News? Q One of the companies I own shares of just announced some bad news and the stock has been falling ever since Should I sell my shares and move on Well it depends Not all so called bad news is in the same category My general rule of thumb is that if the bad news alters
IVV, KORU: Big ETF Outflows Looking at units outstanding versus one week prior within the universe of ETFs covered at ETF Channel the biggest outflow was seen in the iShares Core S amp P 500 ETF IVV where 28 050 000 units were destroyed or a 4 7 decrease week over week Among the largest underlying components of
2 Stocks We&#39;re Watching This Week Each week Industry Focus Financials 160 host Jason Moser and Fool com contributor Matt Frankel CFP discuss a stock they re watching now Watch this clip to find out why beaten down tech giant Apple NASDAQ AAPL is on Moser s radar and why Frankel has his eye
Technology Sector Update for 02/01/2019: CYOU, CLS, KLIC, MSFT, AAPL, CSCO, IBM, GOOG Top Technology Stocks Top Technology Stocks MSFT 0 13 MSFT 0 13 AAPL 0 47 AAPL 0 47 IBM 0 24 IBM 0 24 CSCO 0 49 CSCO 0 49 GOOG 0 73 GOOG 0 73 Technology stocks were climbing in pre bell trading Friday Technology stocks were climbing in pre bell trading Friday Early
Apple Apologizes For FaceTime Bug, To Issue Software Update Next Week Apple Apologizes For FaceTime Bug, To Issue Software Update Next Week
Apple Blocks Google From Running Internal IOS Apps Apple Blocks Google From Running Internal IOS Apps


Apple Stores Some Russian User Data On Russian Servers Apple Stores Some Russian User Data On Russian Servers
This Apple Supplier Can Shine Bright This Earnings Season Apple NASDAQ AAPL supplier stocks are expected to take a massive hit this earnings season thanks to Cupertino s declining iPhone sales Some of the most prominent Apple suppliers have already raised a white flag warning investors well in advance that their December
Should iShares Russell Top 200 ETF (IWL) Be on Your Investing Radar? Launched on 09 22 2009 the iShares Russell Top 200 ETF IWL is a passively managed exchange traded fund designed to provide a broad exposure to the Large Cap Blend segment of the US equity market The fund is sponsored by Blackrock It has amassed assets over 204 M making it one of the
Is Schwab Fundamental U.S. Broad Market Index ETF (FNDB) a Strong ETF Right Now? The Schwab Fundamental U S Broad Market Index ETF FNDB was launched on 08 13 2013 and is a smart beta exchange traded fund designed to offer broad exposure to the Style Box All Cap Value category of the market What Are Smart Beta ETFs For a long time now the ETF industry has
Better Buy: Google vs. Apple They are unquestionably two of the most powerful companies that the world has ever known One is the maker of the iPhone the original smartphone the device that fundamentally changed the way we interact with each other The other has taken all of the world s information and put it
4 Reasons for Investors to Love Apple&#39;s Services Segment As many investors know Apple NASDAQ AAPL is having a difficult time with its iPhone business right now A slowdown in China s economy last year s battery replacement program and a decrease in carrier subsidies have all made Apple s large customer base hesitant to upgrade
Validea&#39;s Top Five Technology Stocks Based On Warren Buffett - 2/3/2019 The following are the top rated Technology stocks according to Validea s Patient Investor model based on the published strategy of Warren Buffett This strategy seeks out firms with long term predictable profitability and low debt that trade at reasonable valuations The following are the
The Tragedy of Apple Apple NASDAQ AAPL is one of the richest public companies on the planet It has nearly 250 billion in cash and equivalents on its balance sheet and no other company came close to the 59 5 billion in profits it made last year 160 In fact only 53 U S companies had
3 Warren Buffett Stocks Worth Buying Now When it comes to identifying companies that have bright prospects and trade at discounts relative to their long term potential few investors can claim a better track record than Warren Buffett His expertise has helped investment conglomerate Berkshire Hathaway crush the market over
This Top Apple Supplier Is Set to Report Earnings The smartphone slowdown has dealt a massive blow to Skyworks Solutions NASDAQ SWKS The chipmaker was forced to slash 160 its guidance for the first quarter of fiscal 2019 a few weeks ago thanks to unit weakness across our largest smartphone customers That s bad news
Apple Might Not Be Making Any Money on These Products If you re an investor in Apple NASDAQ AAPL stock or just follow the company closely then you probably know that Apple generates the bulk of its revenue from its iPhone product line However as iPhone business is currently in decline the company is looking for growth in
Apple Outsmarted The Market
Apple: Is Any Market Big Enough?
Why Apple's Rally May Only Be Starting
Apple: The Major Decision Is Coming
JPMorgan runs Apple-Netflix merger idea up the flagpole again
The Tim Cook Indicator: In Which Tim Says The R-Word Under His Breath
Apple's Siri head leaves role - The Information
Why Aurora Cannabis Beats Apple in 1 Intriguing Way But does beating the iPhone giant on one front actually make Aurora a smarter pick for investors right now?
You’ll love having these hated stocks in your portfolio Stocks are often bought because of the company’s reputation rather than its investment potential — and investors frequently pay a high price for making this error.  Fortune magazine’s recently released annual ranking of the most admired companies offers a good example.  For instance, the company that was at the top of Fortune’s ranking one year ago: Apple  (AAPL) .
Own These, Don't Trade Them: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap Everyone who sold technology stocks this earnings season is now likely having seller's remorse, Jim Cramer announced to his Mad Money viewers Monday.  The company was also able to raise prices to help offset rising commodity costs, a move that helped boost their gross margins.
Cramer Remix: Apple&#39;s next move in health care could be with Dexcom Jim Cramer says a Dexcom-Apple merger could be an &quot;unbelievable&quot; move for the iPhone maker.
Jim Cramer: This Market Has a Terrible Case of Attention Deficit Disorder Just so we are on the same page, if you google Attention Deficit Disorder you come up with \"attention difficulty, hyperactivity and impulsiveness\" and I think the three of these traits truly defines what has gone on with tech stocks since this reporting period began.  Then on January 8 with the stock at $150 I sat down with Apple CEO Tim Cook and he outlined all of the long-term positives that Apple has going for it, especially health and wellness stemming from watch sales.
If you&#39;re investing in big tech, &#39;don&#39;t be distracted by short-term problems,&#39; says Cramer Jim Cramer tells investors to focus on the long term when it comes to stock market stalwarts like Apple, Facebook and Microsoft.
What to Expect from Disney&#39;s (DIS) Q1 Earnings, Media Revenue &amp; More Shares of Disney (DIS) climbed slightly during regular trading Monday, just one day before the entertainment giant is scheduled to release its Q1 fiscal 2019 financial results. So, let&#39;s see what investors should expect from Disney&#39;s top and bottom lines, along with key business units, after the closing bell Tuesday.
For Sirius XM, Is There Life After Howard Stern? Short answer: Absolutely.
Here&apos;s the Real Apple Story Tim Cook Was Trying to Tell The tech giant’s future course looks a bit different than the path it took to get here, but that’s not such a bad thing.
Why Apple and Sirius Are Both Even Stronger Than They Look Each reported earnings this week, but the real stories for both are about long-term transformations.
Here’s Why Roku Stock Jumped Monday — Then Gave Much of It Back Shares of streaming video company Roku jumped Monday as news reports circulated that investors deemed positive.  After jumping as much as 12% Monday,  (ROKU)(ticker: ROKU) finished up 4.9% Monday to $47.43.  The rally was largely driven by investors digesting a story by BestAppleTV, later amplified by other media, suggesting that  (CMCSA) (CMCSA) won’t develop an  (AAPL)TV (AAPL) app, focusing instead on technology licensed from Roku to spread streaming TV to its cable subscribers.
Apple shouldn&#39;t buy Netflix, but should build its own library, says Cathie Wood Cathie Wood, CEO and CIO of ARK Invest, discusses J.P. Morgan&#39;s note suggesting Apple buy Netflix to increase its market share in streaming video.
Why Twitter (TWTR) Stock Looks Like a Buy Ahead of Q4 Earnings Thursday Let&#39;s see why Twitter stock looks like a buy heading into the company&#39;s fourth-quarter earnings release Thursday.
US STOCKS-Boost in tech shares sends Wall Street higher Wall Street gained on Monday,  with all three major indexes closing near session highs as  sustained optimism on the prospects for U.S.-China trade  relations propelled technology shares.  The S&P 500 index and the Nasdaq both closed  above their 100-day moving averages for the first time since  October.  Shares of Apple Inc and Microsoft Corp  each rose 2.7 percent and were the top boosts to the benchmark  S&P 500 index and the Nasdaq.
Stock Market Surges As Apple, Microsoft, FANG Stocks Score Gains Surging techs boosted the stock market today to solid gains as Apple and Microsoft led the Dow industrials and the FANG stocks delivered gains.
AirPlay Is Finally Catching Up to Chromecast Announcements at CES 2019 demonstrate that Apple is willing to loosen its grip on AirPlay. Long-overdue collaborations are making AirPlay a more viable competitor to Google Cast and the Chromecast family of devices.
Stock market ends near session high, buoyed by rally in Microsoft and Apple stocks U.S. stock benchmarks on Monday finished the day around the loftiest levels of the session, as technology and internet stocks rallied on the back of strong gains from the likes of Microsoft Corp.  and Apple Inc. . The Dow Jones Industrial Average  rose 175 points, or 0.7%, at 25,239, the S&P 500 index  gained 0.7% to reach 2,724, underpinned by a sharp rally in the technology sector , up 1.6%, on a preliminary basis. The technology-laden Nasdaq Composite Index  advanced 1.2% to 7,348, putting the index not far from escaping bear-market territory, commonly defined as a decline of at least 20% from a recent peak. The index entered bear market on Dec. 21 but has climbed nearly 20% from its bear-market low, with such a rise by some measures, representing an emergence from bear market. Looking ahead, market participants were awaiting results from Google-parent Alphabet Inc. , which were slated for after the close of trading.
Alphabet's Healthcare Initiative Squares Off With Amazon, Apple The initiative could be a key to keeping Alphabet shares healthy in the long term as the myriad of major players pouring into the multi-trillion-dollar healthcare market speaks volumes about the opportunity executives see.  \"So tomorrow, if AI can shape healthcare, it has to work through the regulations of healthcare,\" CEO Sundar Pichai said in an interview with NDTV on the subject.  As the market matures in its technological capabilities, and Apple CEO Tim Cook extolls the same basic ideas, Alphabet's big bet on healthcare could certainly pay off over that timeframe.